When you're talking about different fields it's kind of hard to say what
my field is exactly because I've done high performance computing
research. So is it research my field or is high performance computing
my field or is academia my field. So let me just speak generally about
that in the same might be said about cryptology. I will see cryptologic
linguist other people were Morse code operators other people
were electronics experts other people studied radars in the walk so
there are all kinds of different cryptologist but I think the the
the civilian field I have which is high performance computing what is
unique about it is we're always on the cutting edge because high performance
computing doesn't say this is a high performance computer.
It's kind of a loose definition high performance computer is the most
powerful kind you have now is that the vector computer like the
crates or is it like the Intel delta parallel computer or is it an accelerated
computer using GPGUs general purpose graphics processing
unit co-processers or is it one of the new quantum computers like we
have here at USC. All those are high performance computers and so that's
a unique part of that is it's a loose definition with a lot of
different technologies it's always exciting always new and always on
the cutting edge which means you got ten people said this is great
to get the overall you got a hundred people over here saying well oh
gosh not another set of empty promises you didn't deliver it last
time and just go crazy about it. Cryptology thing that's unique about
it is the most intellectual I think of all of the intelligence community.
The intellectual focus and the intellectual skills of the owner
and the intellectual ascendancy that the US has in this area are
just wonderful things to behold.